Theme Tune: [Music]
Al: Hello farmers, and welcome to another episode of the harvest season. My name is Al
Kevin: My name is Kevin. I'm in an igloo.
Al: We're here today to talk about cottagecore games
Kevin: Got a good gaze.
Al: Does it does it does it get cold cold there though? That's the question
Kevin: Actually.
Kevin: Okay. So here's the thing. Okay. Well, first of all, I say that a joke in the actually at the time,
Kevin: they're reporting the ice storm has not hit my area yet. That will be later tonight.
Kevin: Um, secondly, oh, it gets cold. Um, at least in my area Atlanta, um, because the thing is we're
Kevin: We're higher elevation, that's it.
Kevin: It's kind of the kicker, it gets cold, but yeah, out here, we've hit freezing, or low
Kevin: freezing at times, I think, even very rarely, but we get in that area, yeah, look, I mean
Al: I love I love that you're like oh yeah it gets cold it gets to freezing and I'm like okay so like
Al: standard winter weather like I'm sitting here going like it doesn't get that cold here right like
Al: you know it's freezing just now but like it doesn't really get much below freezing we'll say
Al: because like in where I live because I'm pretty coastal as well we don't get much snow but it does
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: get, it does get, you know, down to freezing and it kind of sits around freezing.
Al: For most of December to February, but like it doesn't really get much lower than that.
Al: We don't get like the minus 20s that you're seeing in the, in some places.
Kevin: Yeah. You two Shay, right? Like, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's all scale relative whatever.
Kevin: Because here's the thing, I've, you know, I spent a large part of my, you know, no, you know,
Kevin: But all the other places I've lived out in California and Georgia were warmer.
Kevin: California was milder I would say, I'm not necessarily warm but milder.
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: So we had like, sure, sure, Savannah would be like, I mean it is, sweltering heat out there but I mean for you especially right, like, so that's the thing right compared to where I've lived.
Al: I would say warm.
Al: [laughing]
Al: Yeah. Well, let's, let's, let's, let's put it, let's put it this way. When I went to Los Angeles
Al: in February, I was walking around in shorts and t-shirt going, it's warm. Like it's, it's,
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: this is hot to me.
Kevin: okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, I can see that right like I didn't live in LA I lived in the LA ish area close enough to know the climate and yeah, I can see that I can see us
Kevin: I want to feel that, but I won't be walking around shorts out here where I am actually today is unseasonally warm so maybe today I would
Kevin: But anyways, I'm it's called the ice from his and his we're actually not gonna hit that bad up so then like we're not gonna hit by the snow
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: That's when Atlanta crumbles and dies, but ice may be who knows. We'll see
Al: Long as long as as long as you keep the power, that's the important thing.
Kevin: That's the important one right oh
Al: You can, you can, you can, you can heat your home, you can survive.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, my heart I
Al: That's, that's what gets, that's what got Texas a couple of years ago, right?
Al: It was the power that went.
Kevin: Was about to say my heart goes out to the Texans because Ted Cruz is in fact on vacation it has been confirmed
Al: I don't know
Kevin: So you know it is gonna be bad
Al: No
Al: I mean, is he ever not on vacation? That's the question
Kevin: Now that's all right, but yeah cue that the GTA me right oh here we go again
Al: Dear we've got we our our winter storms. We don't really get like
Al: Snowstorms we do it very occasionally like
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: But I can tell you maybe like three that we've had in my life like three proper when
Al: like snowstorms, no, we get.
Al: When we get winter storms, it's just rain and wind, so much rain, so much wind, like, you know, we get, like last year we had to replace like 10 tiles on our roof, one storm, that it was a pretty bad, that was a pretty bad storm, that was, I think that's the worst we've had since we've been living here for the last 10 years, that was, that was the worst, it's not, we've not had many what we've had to deal with that, but yeah, it's just, it's wind, you know, strapped down the bins,
Kevin: Yeah. Oh. Yeah. That's, yeah. That's gnarly.
Kevin: One.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah.
Al: and a couple of people lose some fences, that's about it.
Kevin: [laughter]
Kevin: Yeah, no, that sounds bad.
Kevin: I'd say we're--
Kevin: I don't have to win that bad, but we don't get swinterstones
Kevin: that much out here.
Kevin: But anyways, yeah, I'm here.
Kevin: Everyone marked this recording, because we'll
Kevin: see in a week where I am.
Al: Well, I'm glad I got you before the star, I'm just in case the power goes off.
Kevin: If I'm out there hunting, that's the real tragedy, right?
Al: I know, imagine that.
Kevin: How could I report?
Kevin: I think I've reached out.
Al: All right, we are here today to talk about Animal Crossing, New Horizons 3.0 and Switch 2 updates.
Kevin: [laughter]
Al: We're going to talk all about them.
Al: I have played all of the features, so I have opinions on everything.
Kevin: I haven't played any, but I was just
Kevin: going to go for the little hanging fruit,
Kevin: speaking of disasters that come every couple of years.
Al: Hello
Kevin: [laughter]
Kevin: I guess that I haven't played, but I just had to.
Kevin: It was there.
Kevin: [laughter]
Al: Well, we're going to talk about that. I'm going to have my opinions and then Kevin will probably agree with me on everything
Kevin: Yeah, probably.
Al: I
Kevin: I have opinions.
Kevin: I can have opinions out playing.
Kevin: That's the... That's the...
Kevin: You know, the point of the show, look at the judgment hours.
Al: Love how like
Al: I love how I were
Al: What we want out of animal crossing is so very different, but we're both disappointed
Al: in new horizons for different reasons
Kevin: Look, there are some things that are universally rough, we'll get there's an article that we got it out.
Al: Oh, oh, bye. Oh, yeah. Here we go. All right. We do obviously have some news to talk about as well, but first of all, Kevin, what have you been up to?
Kevin: So, in lieu of the playing Animal Crossing getting mad at that, I am playing animal urgency and getting mad at that.
Kevin: I see as a jerk only do you really know I'm
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: have a book I am ring yeah I mean there's problems but excuse me yeah yeah
Al: You can be mad at it while also enjoying it.
Al: Both things can be true.
Al: It's basically every Switch Pokemon game, right?
Al: You can enjoy it while also being annoyed with it.
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: I do not swim shield I'm okay I was okay with but regardless
Al: I think, I mean, at the time,
Al: there were certainly a lot of complaints
Al: that I felt were kind of stupid, but.
Kevin: Oh, yeah. I mean, that's not forget. That was the exit game, right? Um, good times.
Al: It was, it was Dexa game.
Al: It was also Trigate.
Kevin: Trigay! Ah! I forgot about Trigay. Ah!
Al: And part, and part of the problem with Sword and Shield
Al: was they had some of the most gorgeous looking towns,
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: but the wild area was pretty, okay?
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was well, man. Um,
Al: May, like nothing particularly interesting.
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: The color.
Kevin: It was great because Paul but yeah while there is a man man I missed those days back back when I was not part of the complaining
Al: Yeah, back when you could just be like, "Oh, shut up. Just enjoy your game. It's fun."
Kevin: Yeah, exactly
Kevin: Anyways, I'm on rank was it be I just beat just in
Kevin: Is that he mentioning I don't know super
Al: I just didn't, just didn't, just didn't. Yeah, something to have.
Kevin: Yeah, I just didn't yeah
Kevin: I don't know, whatever, um,
Al: If they had voice acting, we would know just saying, we'll find out, we'll find out in
Kevin: Well, that was the end of me. Yeah. Yeah. Are they even out of, well, no, there could be a different thing. Yeah. Okay. I don't know about anyway, swear to Google. See,
Al: a year when they do something in the anime for it.
Al: So, no, yeah, they're, I mean, they've done a thing the last few seasons where they're
Al: not always in the region, right?
Al: It's not the same as the first few where they were just walking around the region, but also, yeah, but also, I feel like kind of near the end of the can to work, they went to the orange islands and stuff like that, so they've always had some things where they'd gone extra places at the end, but yeah, we're definitely in the, I think, I think at the blueberry academy, just not, I forget, I've not watched the most recent episode that came out two days ago, but I think they were at the blueberry academy.
Kevin: Yeah, so that way yeah, we're gonna get our ZAR
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, Taylor. I'm.
Al: And they've kind of, it's complicated, right, because lots of things have happened, which I don't really want to spoil because I'm watching it in Japan time, and obviously English language is about a year behind just now, so I don't want to spoil all of this, but yeah, there's a lot of bizarre stuff that's happened.
Kevin: Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, I do think it's really like on this funny just this
Kevin: comparison of you know, during the ash era ash age like what one baby two years or whatever, right?
Al: Mm-hmm
Kevin: But here we have
Kevin: definite hard progression of time
Al: Mm-hmm. Oh, yeah. Yeah, they gave us a I was a
Al: Was a one-year time gap between seasons I think and and it was they they all very clearly aged up like they're their
Kevin: Yep, yep, yeah, we're in her Pokemon
Kevin: Come on shampooed in
Al: Their character models were definitely older
Kevin: Good times good times, um, you know what I probably should have watched that
Kevin: I haven't watched like any Pokemon anything and forever including Ponzi urge so I need to get to that
Kevin: But I am intrigued by all that stuff they're doing. Um, I should check out
Al: Her license has been quite fun, it started off slow because obviously they were introducing
Al: new characters to it, but I've really enjoyed it and it's gone weird places I never
Al: expected them to go, but I've been enjoying just how bizarre it is.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, oh man, I saw a bit but I guess
Kevin: Tiny's the spoilers for whatever. I was living up and he's there is this scene of this lady just hating on a Pikachu
Kevin: And it's really funny cuz there it was actually what was by equator Tony who's also Pikachu's voice actress
Kevin: So it was Pikachu hitting on Pikachu
Al: Ha ha.
Kevin: Yeah, I need to check that well whenever we get there who at whether it's masters or or the anime one day
Kevin: How just seems to pronounce and until then on the time saying you but yes
Al: Or does masters have voice acting?
Kevin: They have voice lines like how you with the or not full voice acting
Al: Not food, not food voice acting, but some things, okay.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, but there's bits and pieces
Al: More than just the grunts some gave you,
Kevin: Yes
Al: but less than everything is voiced.
Kevin: words
Kevin: words are said
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: lines full sentences are said at point so
Kevin: Including other characters will say each other's name. So you can get confirmation on that
Kevin: But yeah, so
Kevin: Yeah, wouldn't it that be nice to have our ZAF, um, and I met
Al: It's funny as well because like I did you you listen to the
Al: Story season's grand bizari episode
Kevin: Yes, I did but that was a while ago, but go ahead
Al: Yeah, I I
Al: I think having how how good the voice acting and the conversations in that game worked
Al: Where you could have an auto progressing, right?
Kevin: Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Al: So you could just press a button and you could put it down and you could watch and listen to the conversation
Al: And then the conversation ended you could pick it back up and play it again
Al: Right, not having to like press the A button.
Al: To advance the conversation every second actually made me pay attention more right because I wasn't like sitting just tapping the button to get through as fast as possible
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah.
Al: I could actually enjoy it and going from that to to Z.A. which was just like you'll get some words on the screen and you'll like it and it's just like what are we doing here?
Al: Why do why I don't and it's funny because it's the first time I was playing someone in front of Rona, and she was like
Al: didn't talk and I'm like, no, they don't talk.
Kevin: [laughter]
Al: She found it bizarre, she found it so weird that there's no voice acting, and that's
Al: not something that I would have ever pranged her with, right?
Al: She just found it really weird that there was no voice acting in Pokemon.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: And I was like, yep, I agree.
Kevin: He's here.
Al: It's 'cause like five years ago I wasn't finding it weird, but now I am, now I find it really
Kevin: I'm going to club.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: weird when there's no voice acting, because I think it's because of how like high quality
Al: if you will, right?
Al: We don't have to have a discussion about the graphics, but like how high quality it's
Kevin: Right.
Al: trying to be, and then you just have these people with their modes moving, and you
Kevin: Yeah, no, I mean.
Kevin: Yep.
Al: just reading text on a page.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah, no, absolutely.
Kevin: It was moving to the switch, right?
Kevin: Because before Pokemon was on the handheld game.
Kevin: What, you know, what handheld games had voice acting, right?
Kevin: I mean, I know they did.
Kevin: But you know, like, it was the expectation was different, right?
Kevin: But now you're on the same console as the new Xenoblade,
Kevin: as is Breath of the Wild, as all these other games.
Kevin: And Breath of Wild's funny, because they don't even have
Kevin: full voice acting, you know, just certain parts or whatever.
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: But, but you know, now you're running with the big kids
Kevin: or so the expectations are for that.
Kevin: And like, and in some ways, they're trying to make that, right?
Kevin: The visuals, the presentation's certainly different.
Kevin: It certainly feels grander than anything on the DS or whatever.
Al: I think I think Breath of the Wild had the good balance when it was like
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Anytime you're like having a story you're talking to the main characters like that's when you get voice acting
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah.
Al: But if you're just talking to a rando in the street, they're not gonna have voice acting, right?
Al: I get that that's a lot, right?
Kevin: No. Yeah.
Al: You know, especially with like how many NPCs there are in Pokemon, right? You don't you don't you don't you don't need the science guy to be having
Kevin: Yeah, absolutely.
Al: You know voice acting. I get how that's fine
Kevin: Well, maybe him, but other than that, that's your point.
Al: but
Al: Him just for the fun of it. Yeah, but like
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, just two.
Al: you don't need every NPC to have it, but like every proper conversation you're having this advancing the story, right? Like that should have
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Or at bare minimum, like Breath of Wild did just voice little punches here there, right? Just an expression or a single word.
Al: That should absolutely have
Al: Yeah, I find those weird, to be honest, like that.
Kevin: Really? No. Well, okay. Well, regardless, the point being that there's that can do better than what they're doing now, but yeah.
Kevin: Anyway, so anyway, so.
Al: Let's see how we feel in a month with the news of whatever's coming next.
Kevin: Oh, okay. Aside from that, or let's see what I'll wait, Z a what you would have, you know, all those problems inside. Yeah, right. Be that that whole little bit was fun with the tournament and and it's really funny there limited in scope. So boy, let's milk these characters for everything we've got because what else are we going to do.
Al: Your rank B is what you were saying.
Kevin: So it's been our best battle canary for the third time. Yeah.
Al: I'll just you wait and see if you get the DLC.
Kevin: But it's good to do. Oh, I can imagine.
Al: Oh boy, you'll you'll love battling canari again.
Al: But this time it's double battles.
Kevin: Yeah, I can see they're headed that like I'm surprised I haven't really done it yet because clearly they're lining up, you know, too good.
Al: I'll tell you, I'll tell you why they hadn't done it. It's because it's bad. I do not like the double battles in the DLC, the real time, I love the real time battling in general in this game, but the double battles just feel chaotic, have no idea what's happening and I'm just pressing whatever buttons I can press and hoping that hoping that I'm powered up enough that I can kill everyone. Absolutely not.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. There's no strategy in that world anymore. Yeah. I get it. That's what I expected
Kevin: and I'm ready for the good times. Um, but yeah, so the kid, the kids, fun, whatever mechanics,
Kevin: they are what they are. Um, I like Pokemon. I need to like the Pokemon themselves at least. So,
Kevin: You know, I get happy when I
Kevin: make a jalooch, that makes me happy every time, of course not. Aside from that, there's
Al: I was about to ask you your favourite new mega is now, but like I bet nothing's beaten
Al: her, literally right.
Kevin: all, I'm trying to think, out of the ones I've seen, make a drag gouge, he's really cool
Kevin: looking. Yeah, yeah, and then we get that, right, cancer. Yeah, I like it.
Al: Have you read the Polkadex entry for?
Al: Cancer ray!
Kevin: Yeah, I'm a fan that they are embraced. No, they continue because they haven't really
Kevin: stopped. They continue to brace, you know, it's some existential horror in those decks
Al: Hmm. Mm.
Kevin: entries and some of the side emissions. I did the lit wickside quest where my life
Kevin: force is consumed and that wasn't fun. And then immediately after I do a side quest with
Kevin: the frost last where I go okay I just run into this ghost and fall
Kevin: and oh I don't like that but okay here we are good times
Kevin: um anyway yeah that's the it is what it is um okay uh let's see what else um uh oh
Kevin: discounty I hit credits on discounty boy did we pick the perfect time to
Kevin: record my thoughts on discounty because now that I hit credits boy I have
Kevin: thoughts because it's a great game with one huge
Kevin: problem that you don't see until the end yeah yeah I mean it's it's enough for a
Al: Oh, okay. Do we need to do another episode on that then? Or is this...
Kevin: topic and there's some post game stuff so I'm finished all that so it's it's
Al: All right.
Kevin: probably warrants at least a small discussion on another episode at least
Al: All right, cool. We'll do that then. We'll schedule that.
Kevin: when I finished the post game stuff but so we'll get to it but overall I
Kevin: like I still enjoy discount even with the the fan of tripping
Kevin: at the finish line but it's fine yeah just kind of good stuff and yeah that's
Kevin: what I've been up to what about you though let's go on on over there
Al: It's mostly just animal crossing, I think, which obviously we're going to have a big discussion about.
Al: I did. I have played, I've tried again to play heartopia. I've not got very far in that,
Al: but I'm hoping maybe this week I'll get some more time. Now that I'll be pitting animal crossing down.
Al: Probably. We'll see. I don't know. Who knows? Who knows what my brain will decide to do?
Al: Have I played anything else? Not really. I've still got five legendarys to catch and
Al: and I haven't really done that yet.
Al: It's literally the only thing I've got left to do.
Al: I might end up doing that in like the week running up to Pokémon Day just because it will be like I must get this done.
Al: And at some point I need I still need to do the decks for Sword and Shield for home to get the shiny Shaman, not Shaman.
Kevin: Yeah, and clean up now.
Al: I still need to do that at some point.
Kevin: Okay, yay.
Al: So maybe I'm hoping I'll get that done sometime soon so that there's enough time between that and the new games coming out that I don't feel burnt out with Pokémon.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Hey, it's okay. The burnout's going to be cured when
Al: Yeah, but that's different. That's the thing right like I'm not gonna it's not exactly so it's it's no I know I get your point, but no it's yeah.
Kevin: hypoepia drops. But that's going to restore your faith. That's
Kevin: different. Yeah, I know. It's not Pokemon the game. I know what
Kevin: you mean. I'm just I'm being cheeky.
Al: I think that's it I've not really played much well if I let's see I've probably got something to talk about TV or film wise let me check what I've been watching.
Kevin: Yeah. All right.
Kevin: Yeah, you're watching a lot of stuff. Who watching so many movies?
Al: Ooh, I have been playing, uh, no, I've been...
Al: Sorry. I've been watching the new Tales of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles series.
Kevin: Okay, so okay. Did you watch the movie? I'm watching the movie yet, but did you watch the movie the
Al: I did watch the movie and then I watched the first season of the series. Have you seen what have you seen?
Kevin: Okay
Kevin: I haven't seen either to be honest sadly sadly. I know I'm missing out
Al: You've not seen it all. You should. It's so good. So good. Excellent.
Kevin: Yeah, the series is good to
Al: So the first season I thought was very good. The second season I'm still enjoying. It's felt a little bit more
Al: disjointed. It feels less like there's kind of like a unified vision of what it is and it's more like there's
Al: kind of three arcs that happened throughout the season.
Al: So it's not like it's not single episode arcs that are like villain of the weak type thing and it's not one whole season story.
Al: It's like three different ones throughout the season. So it's kind of feel the little bit weirdly disjointed because of that.
Al: But other than that, I mean, I've still been enjoying what it is. So yeah.
Kevin: Okay, okay, that sounds good because I alright
Al: It's definitely worth, it's definitely worth a watch I think if you like if you like
Kevin: Okay, I have
Kevin: All right, I'm gonna ask for other questions. So if you have any interest in this
Kevin: You know shield your ear, I guess five minutes
Al: Skip to the game news if you don't want any spoilers for our Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles,
Kevin: Yeah
Al: the most recent film and TV series.
Kevin: Seriously, okay, so I don't didn't watch the movie, but I'm aware
Kevin: I believe Shredder is the arts credit.
Kevin: I've seen in the movie.
Kevin: Let me show up in the series.
Al: Uh... I don't think so.
Kevin: It's wild. Okay. Okay.
Kevin: Next question.
Kevin: The leather head in the series.
Kevin: Oh.
Al: Who is Leatherhead?
Kevin: Oh, I'm so excited.
Kevin: I love the animation and the series.
Kevin: And we like gray, but all these questions are very deep.
Kevin: - There we go.
Al: Give me give me a minute. Give me a minute. Give me a minute
Kevin: How much, okay, how much turtles have you watched prior?
Kevin: Like, what other series are content?
Al: Not a huge not a huge amount. Um, it's it's something I've always been kind of vaguely aware of
Kevin: Now you, okay, 'cause.
Al: But it's not something that I've I've kind of like properly watched like I've probably seen some
Al: some stuff from
Al: New York occasional things. I think I saw the the horrifying live action they did
Kevin: Oh yeah, it would mean is the my love. Oh, yeah.
Al: That was horrible
Al: But I don't think yeah, I'm just double checking. Yeah, he's definitely I didn't think he was in the season
Kevin: Okay.
Al: But I just wanted to double check cuz you never know I could have been an idiot, but yeah, no, he's not
Kevin: Okay, I just checked leatherhead shows up. Um, boys by Rose burn. Oh,
Al: Sorry, that was shredder is what we're talking about. Let me check with leatherhead. So his leatherhead oh
Kevin: Fred, okay, sorry. Okay. Um, uh, crocodile. It's popping on me.
Al: I'm no, I don't I don't remember seeing
Kevin: Okay, they have a voice credit. I don't know where, but okay. Um, all right, that's,
Kevin: that's fine. Well, other heads on my favorite kid, those characters. I mean, a fan of turtles
Kevin: and consumes different series. Um, not the 80s one. I'm, I'm most kind of a strange, uh,
Kevin: turtles fan because there's such a huge following for the 80s ones and then obviously so much
Kevin: attachment and nostalgia for it. But I come, that was before my time and I didn't watch it. So it's
Kevin: my head. Oh, okay. Well, uh,
Al: Uh, so he was in, he was in, leatherhead was in season one apparently.
Al: I don't know, I don't, I don't remember, I was a couple of years ago, so my memory is a bit
Al: fuzzy of it. Um,
Kevin: Okay, well say a lot be but yes. Oh, well I do
Al: I, yeah, I don't know, I don't know how much of the, like, obviously, I don't want to talk too
Al: much about actual spoilers, but I don't know how much of how many of the characters are like,
Kevin: former canon. I mean, is, um, oh my gosh. Hey, you see in it? Nope. Oh, well, okay. Why don't you
Al: classic characters, if that makes sense.
Al: I think so. I'm so bad at names.
Kevin: have Casey? I'll take that. Casey Jones. Fuck him, ask. Probably. I hopefully. Ideally.
Kevin: I don't, he might not be in it actually. Is that him? No. Oh, my gosh, he's not.
Al: Yeah, no, I'm not I'm no look I mean this is the problem right like you're you're you're asking me questions like like I would know who these characters where like it's like it's what like it's a Marvel series right like you're like oh what about this casual I don't know who that character is
Kevin: Okay. Never mind. All right. This is. This is, this is. Yeah. No, it's fine. Yeah. Okay. Okay.
Al: is like the part the problem is like I don't is it some is there a character in it that I just don't remember who it was or is
Al: it just like yeah it's
Kevin: Okay, here's a thing. Leatherhead is a major, let's say a major supporting character in
Kevin: a lot of trouble series, right? Not not a list or but a lot of fans wouldn't have a leather head.
Kevin: Pacey Jones is an A-listers like supposed to be a primary cast member. So
Kevin: and if it's not in there, well, that's okay. That's interesting. I mean, it has a po-neal, right?
Al: Say again, sorry April. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. No April. April's I think basically they're their main
Kevin: April O'Neill is in the show, right? Okay. Casey Jones.
Kevin: He's the male equivalent of April O'Neill, the guy they turtles hang out with just as much.
Al: Guy in the chair if you will for this certainly for season two
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, which which happens frequently. Yeah. Yeah, in case he Jones is, it's, it's rough equipment. He's not a guy in chair. He's out on the field with them, but he's just a problem in it. Um, so, okay.
Al: Yeah
Al: Yeah, I know it's mostly it's mostly just been them out in the field on their own at this point
Kevin: Sure. Okay. Like,
Al: But then I don't know they might have more plans for for
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, there's nothing inherently wrong with these questions or do these decisions because I'm sure it's still quality, but it's okay. I'm just very surprised. I just, I don't know.
Kevin: My expectations are set. I don't know what to expect, but that that's fine. I'm happy. It's good because I like the turtles and I like when their stuff is good. I like that they use actual teenagers to voice the turtles that that's well, that was a good idea. Um, yes. Yeah, I believe they did. Um, which is awesome.
Kevin: But okay, overall, though, I'm happy it's good. That's I'm I'll take that. Um, even if I
Kevin: I'm not sure what's going on over there.
Al: Wait, this says this says leather head was in the seat in season two. I mean oh, oh no, I see right okay. So there's a bit at the beginning of the season where like the
Al: The purple dragons mine control a bunch of mutants and
Kevin: Ahh...
Al: Leatherhead is apparently in that group of mutants, but not like not specifically as a prominent one. There's quite a few of them and
Kevin: Okay. Prominent, sure.
Kevin: Yeah, sure. Okay, that makes sense.
Al: And I probably is I suspect if you had been watching it would
Al: stuck out more to you, right? Because you're like, "Oh, that's leatherhead, right?" Whereas I'm just going,
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: "Oh, it's one of the, one of the mutants, right?" Like, I am aware of some of them and who they are, but not many of
Kevin: Mutant peoples, yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: their names. I know Ray Filet's name, I know Wing Nuts name. Most of the rest of them are just
Al: Mutants to me because I don't know
Kevin: Yeah, right away. That's a good name. I think that's a new character. I've never heard it,
Kevin: but that's that's a good name. Unless it was in the 80s series, which might be the case. I don't know.
Kevin: But yeah, no good good stuff. Yeah. Yeah, I believe it. Sure. Yeah.
Al: It looks like he was in the 80 series. Yeah, I character based on Ray. So looks like he was in
Al: in some of the comics
Kevin: Cool. Yeah, that's cool. No, man, forget the marble multiverse. Let's talk about the
Al: Trying to figure out. I was a he
Kevin: powerful multiverse. Well, I mean, that's, I think the majority of the mutants in the turtles' franchise are actually humans to start with, um, really. Okay.
Al: Oh, he was Ray Ray was apparently a human who was meeting
Al: No, okay, that's certainly not what has been in tales of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles most of them are mutated animals
Al: Because and most of the time they've been counted in your when you're like, oh, what were you before and they're always like, you know a cat or fleas or whatever
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, wait, please. Oh, that's that's a great idea. I like that
Al: Yeah, it's very good. It's all it's one of it
Al: I think the
Al: second of the kind of arcs in the season is a cat called scratch
Al: I don't know if that's our.
Al: standard character or not. And his mutated fleas, the fleas from the cat, it's fun. Yeah. So yeah, I would highly recommend it. It's
Kevin: That's so cool. That's a great idea. I love that
Al: really fun. It's a good, I don't know. I'll be interested to hear if, you know, what you think about it, being
Al: our turtles fan, right, and how it feels if you actually are aware of the history of these
Kevin: Yeah, yeah. No, I mean, I'll tune in. It's an interesting perspective. I don't know, okay,
Kevin: it's not as bad as Sonic, but I mean, turtles have had their low points for sure, right?
Kevin: The live action stuff. Well, I have actually a series in particular. The movies are one thing,
Kevin: but the series, we had, we had the Michael Bay versions.
Kevin: Don't forget that.
Kevin: So it had been through the ringer a few times, so it's, you know, but a lot of highlights, too, so, um,
Al: Do you know what I find funny as well? So Seth Rogan was one of the, the, um, the writers on,
Kevin: yeah.
Al: on this. Um, and he's, I feel like there was a point where he was like kind of a bit of a laughing
Kevin: Yeah, one of the forces behind it. Yeah.
Al: stock, right? Where he was just like, oh, he does stupid things. It doesn't really matter. And now
Al: it's like he is part partly behind like a bunch of really, really good, really popular stuff, right?
Al: Like he's, he's in, I don't know if you probably haven't seen the studio from Apple TV last year.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: No
Al: He's excellent and he's like the main character and, um, writing it. Um, and apparently he's, he's done stuff for
Al: invincible and, um, the boys and stuff like that. And he's, he's, he's, he's, he's done the new
Kevin: Yeah, there was another adaptation.
Kevin: I can't remember what, but yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep.
Al: muppet show special as well. There's like a whole bunch of stuff that he's, and he's gone from like this,
Al: oh, he just does stupid stuff, isn't he? Like silly to like, no, he's behind someone like the best.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, I think it's cool, right, and I don't know if it was just a type of taster
Kevin: or whatever.
Kevin: Because there was definitely a run where you had very, you know, hangover college type
Kevin: right I think.
Al: sausage party. All this stupid stuff. Yeah. Yeah. There was a, there was a series. Yeah.
Kevin: That was kind of the, yeah.
Kevin: It's awesome.
Kevin: Yeah, it's awesome.
Kevin: It's party didn't help.
Kevin: Didn't help at all.
Kevin: There's other things still going on.
Kevin: It has a series.
Al: I saw that in the list. I just, I just brushed over that.
Kevin: It's still ongoing, I believe.
Kevin: I don't think it's finished.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Anyways, but yeah, but no,
Kevin: he does a lot of great work too.
Kevin: Especially like you said with the writing, I think.
Kevin: Oh yeah, no, and it probably doesn't help like...
Kevin: You're... You watch Chip and Dale rescue Rangers the movie the live-action movie or whatever opponent will put live-action
Kevin: Okay, and there's this just this brief like one second cameo scene of
Kevin: Like five or six characters. Seth Rojoon has all voiced and they're just the same voice
Al: [laughter]
Kevin: And they all get to say something it's just
Kevin: Anyway, it's like you know, it's stuff like that. We're right. It feels like it does a lot of the same but
Kevin: but yeah, now he's doing good work good for yourself. I am happy with how the
Al: All right. Well shall we talk about some news?
Kevin: about non real life news like as long as we stay away from those.
Al: Yeah. Yes. Agreed. Yeah. It does, you know, you shouldn't have secret police and you shouldn't,
Al: you know, abduct people in the street and kill people apparently today again. So yeah.
Kevin: You know what?
Kevin: And you know what?
Kevin: It would be cool if the leader of a major power
Kevin: knew what country was what country?
Kevin: Wouldn't that be nice?
Al: But we're not going to talk about that.
Kevin: [laughter]
Al: We are going to try and escape that for a while and we're going to talk about some farming
Al: game use.
Al: First up, we have Bubblegum Galaxy, have announced their release date for the 12th of March,
Al: or the 11th of March.
Al: I think I think it might, I wonder if they're Australia-based or somewhere Eastern-based
Al: because it says 11th of March on my steam, but they're posted.
Kevin: Oh it says hmm yeah interesting yeah I don't know that's yeah near New Zealanders they
Kevin: get to release before when it's like I don't know okay what is this okay I'm looking at it because
Kevin: I don't remember um and I files okay so I'm saying I'm watching the trailer and there's
Al: Yes, it's a cozy narrative building game about rebuilding the galaxy.
Kevin: there's like two different hits I'm seeing there's like the
Kevin: the tile gameplay where it's like hexagonal tiles you're placing them and then resources I guess or whatever.
Al: Yeah. Yeah.
Kevin: But then there's also what feels like the lack of a better way of describing a 3DS style like
Kevin: you seek characters moving around and interacting with each other and I do I don't know what's going on here.
Al: Yeah, it's an interesting like yeah, it seems like it's part management game part life sim
Al: And I don't know how those are gonna mesh together
Kevin: Yeah. And you're an anthropomorphic cat with a house on their head. That's how it matches together.
Al: Obviously
Kevin: This is fascinating. Oh wow, it's coming to everything. All the consoles and Xboxes.
Kevin: I like how they're still releasing on the old Gen PS4 and stuff.
Al: Look, if you don't need to power a Y bother, it's the same thing with the switch too,
Kevin: - Yeah, no.
Al: you shouldn't do it unless you need it.
Kevin: No, I agree.
Kevin: I'm just saying like it's,
Kevin: there's enough in an audience there to support it.
Kevin: That's not like my point, right?
Al: Well, the beauty of the beauty of that now is that you can just do it on the older one and get it automatically on the newer one, you know, so they don't need a huge audience on the PS4, they just need an audience on the PS5. Same with switch.
Kevin: That's true. That's very true.
Kevin: Most switch to though.
Al: Yeah, well, they don't need to. That's the thing like look at the graphics. Do you think there's needs a switch to?
Kevin: Just the old switch.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, you're right. Yeah.
Kevin: No, I'm wondering why they're not releasing on the 3DS.
Kevin: Um, yeah, bubble gum.
Al: I think you probably underestimate how slow that device was. It's so old now.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: No, no, that's why I'm bad at dating.
Al: The switch is nine years old now.
Kevin: Yeah, well, good times, it's time.
Al: Was it was it 2011 for the 3DS, so that's 15 years now?
Kevin: Yeah, holy moly, don't tell you that number.
Kevin: I don't like that. No, oh no.
Al: It's all right. It's all right. Next year will be the 20th anniversary of the week.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Yeah, okay, that one I can do with, but the 3DS felt.
Al: Oh no, it's this year. Oh, it was 2006, not 2007. It was November. November is the 20th anniversary of the week. Goodness me.
Kevin: Yeah, no, no, that's right. Yeah.
Kevin: I can't, yeah, that's fine.
Kevin: We feels old at this point.
Kevin: I won't lie. I can move in next.
Al: I just felt I just felt my back go. I'm so old.
Kevin: Oh, okay.
Kevin: Dude, okay.
Kevin: It achorus on 3DS.
Kevin: There is this, I believe it's actually like a secret ending.
Kevin: There's just this one joke that they make.
Kevin: I'll be like, I guess we'll see you in another 25 years or whatever.
Kevin: Like the gap between the original and this one.
Al: [laughs]
Kevin: In fact, that we're getting closer to that is making me extremely uncomfortable out.
Kevin: Cause that was a great game.
Kevin: And I wanted it to steeple, but not, not actually at the 25 year mark.
Kevin: No.
Al: Fun times all right
Kevin: All right.
Kevin: What else is the next game good times?
Al: The ranchers have announced that they're early access is releasing in Q2
Al: The wording is really funny in this post-strike cuz it was like oh
Al: Where's the wording?
Al: Did we finally have a window for early access? The ranchers were launched in early access in Q2
Al: 2026 the exact release date is locked and will be revealed very soon
Al: If you know when the release date is, if you've locked it.
Kevin: why? Yeah, yeah, but don't tell us that. Oh, and that and then you, I don't know how
Al: Why don't you just say it? Like, you shouldn't say it. I don't think you should say it.
Al: But don't tell us that you know it and then don't tell us what it is.
Al: Like, just, that's a bizarre.
Kevin: we're whatever, they're gonna delay and then how they're gonna look, how they're gonna
Kevin: look, then point at your bat in the sky and and you struck out. That's rough buddy, but
Kevin: Um, yeah, that is kind of bizarre.
Kevin: We know it is, but we won't tell you. Ooh, yeah. Oh, okay. Sure. It's hop down 3D farming game thing that I don't know what else to describe like it's realistic issue in graphics and style and then it that's all I'm seeing.
Al: yep apparently this is already in my steam library I must I must have backed on kickstart
Al: and they've already given me the key I guess I don't that's weird I don't remember that
Al: I think if a father if other listeners know the the look of lens island I would say it's very similar to that
Kevin: Yeah, sure. Um, it's a little. Yeah, it I will say this the farm itself looks very sandboxy like it's a it looks like a very big area to kind of shape that how you want to that looks kind of cool, but it's all my gosh. There's no relationships in this game. I thought we would get away.
Al: But it's much more farming rather than exploration
Al: Yeah.
Al: Event.
Al: No, this very much looks like someone went stargy,
Al: but higher graphics.
Kevin: Yeah. Oh my gosh, there's a bar. Yeah, it's Stardew. Yeah. Yeah, that is kind of cool in
Al: Like, and everything else looks the same, basically,
Al: is just higher graphics.
Al: It doesn't look like you can drive-- drive vehicles.
Al: So that's different.
Al: You can go around the town and drive
Kevin: like the parking on side of realistic for lack of a better way of describing. Yeah, I don't know
Al: looks horrible why we don't want to pack a car, don't make me pack a car.
Kevin: either, but they went for it. Um, the combat. Yeah, move it to date. Yeah, this is it.
Al: Well there's a hot air balloon.
Kevin: There's combat. I'm actually surprised there. Wow, the it is just Stardew with graphics. Um,
Kevin: yeah, wow. Um, there's you do fight in some cool looking enemies. I'll say that. I don't know how good the
Kevin: graphics. They're the combat is, but, uh, but okay, there you go. Stardew, but, uh, 3D, I guess. Okay.
Al: Yeah, so that's Q2 for early access. Next, we have another update for Everdream Valley. They are
Kevin: And.
Al: sorry Everdream Village. They are throwing these updates out and this is the 1.8 update
Al: decorate the grandparent's house. So you've got grandparent's house and you can decorate it.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Okay, like it's it's kind of funny specifically your grandparents house, but okay
Al: For some reason. Yeah.
Kevin: That you look very detailed those a lot of options. It looks like
Kevin: Yeah, I don't know it's a man. Okay, it's a little side tangent
Kevin: But you know like you just said right ever dream village is throwing updates left and right right and including this one
Kevin: How long is Minecraft been going and we get
Kevin: about two, three updates a year, maybe like one may drop it here at Minecraft. And to this day, they have still not given me a chair I can just sit on.
Al: [laughter]
Kevin: Why? Why? Why does Mojang hate me now?
Al: Oh, who knows?
Al: Who knows?
Al: We are only three years away.
Kevin: Oh my goodness! I'm sure I get a hug. I'm just going to give up this time. I mean this year alone.
Kevin: Okay, the one that makes me uncomfortable is the fact that we're approaching 50th anniversaries of things. Like we're not there yet, but Mario is going to be half a century old.
Al: Oh, I know. The number of anniversaries this year as well is mad. Like the number of anniversaries this year as well is crazy. Like there's like 10 very big franchise.
Kevin: What?
Kevin: It is pretty crazy.
Kevin: I've got what Sonic, Zelder, Organons.
Kevin: Her sona is, oh, there's Pokemon, that's insane to me.
Kevin: I didn't know that.
Al: All right, next we have an update for Starbirds, the Flora and Fauna update.
Kevin: Yep.
Kevin: OK, good.
Kevin: Probably needed whatever it is.
Al: It's the Flora and Fauna update.
Al: It's a new Star system. It's a green Star system.
Kevin: Okay, all right. That's the green one. There's there's a fork and knife
Al: I'm not seeing anything. I'm not seeing anything that's like fundamentally changing the gameplay
Al: is my problem here, right? Like it's adding more levels, more resources, but not like
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Yep
Al: reason to do.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, that is the concern right like that's not addressing the big problem we had right which is so it's that's the point
Kevin: I will say I'm very uncomfortable with giant stuff. You're a little planetoid, but some of these now have giant
Kevin: eyeballs looking at you as you're doing stuff. I'm not comfortable with that
Al: Are they judging me while I'm harvesting their organs?
Kevin: Maybe
Kevin: There's also a structure with the fork and knife. I don't know what's going on with that, but I don't know if I'm comfortable with that either
Kevin: There's consumption of something
Al: Yeah, so it says you can produce pizza popcorn and rocket fuel, so I'm guessing that's like
Al: for making the pizza the food.
Kevin: Oh, okay, Pete, Pete's a popular rock
Kevin: and go all from the same structure, that's great, ain't it?
Al: I don't get your wires crossed.
Kevin: Ah, it's, it's, it's the Simpsons, the, the, the, the beer machine, whatever,
Al: My pizza's on fire.
Kevin: where it's all coming from the same thing, and just, it's, it's, it's out and today we can take it.
Al: Oh yeah!
Kevin: [Laughter]
Al: Yeah, it's excellent.
Al: They're best visual gag.
Al: Alright, finally, we have a new game to talk.
Al: Into the Ambulance of announced a new game called Ambulance Desktop Village.
Al: A cosy village building game that you can run on the side.
Al: Hey look, it's another rusty lake!
Kevin: It's the rusty likes going strong. Although I gotta say I'm seeing I'm looking at the trailer. I'm seeing the game
Kevin: Where's like the desktop?
Al: [laughing]
Al: They are very much like maximized the game.
Al: You can see the toolbar at the bottom,
Kevin: Yeah, yeah do more that's it. That's your desktop
Al: but that's the only thing you can see.
Al: Oh, wait, I see at some point they open up our paint,
Kevin: Yeah, they have the recycle bin icon on there too
Al: like a window of paint.
Al: And so it's like, I think it's running
Al: as your entire background and other windows open on top of that.
Kevin: Yeah, I believe that's actually what's happening. Oh, that's so cute
Al: Oh, that's weird.
Al: Oh, and some of the things are popping over the windows.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: On a word, and then some of the items
Al: are popping over the windows.
Kevin: Yeah
Al: What up?
Kevin: It is I'm I love and hate this at the same time like partially I think it would drive me nuts
Kevin: said to have these like elements over the stuff I'm doing but
Kevin: at the same time it is different and it's making me pay attention.
Al: I don't like that. Like, I feel like it's just, it's trying to blur it too much between
Al: it's a small game that you play at the side of your screen or the bottom of your screen
Al: to, like, it's your entire screen and it's also going to cover up some of your windows sometimes.
Kevin: Yeah Yeah, you know what but there's some someone at some point from make a game that leans into that and it's like
Al: Like, that's a weird way.
Kevin: Aggressively annoying and how it how it interact with you like you're doing your stuff and get pop-ups from the game
Kevin: Just interrupting you. I'd like that. Let's see that. I'm not gonna play it, but I want to see it
Kevin: Anyways, but that's the rusty like good job rusty you you created on the genre
Kevin: I know that's not the guy's name, but that's the guys name in my head
Al: All right, well, that's all the news should we talk about animal crossing new horizons 3.0 and switch to update
Kevin: Oh, okay, I guess.
Kevin: Let's, okay.
Al: Let's okay
Kevin: Can we talk, I just want to talk about,
Kevin: we don't start off with the article.
Kevin: When the VJ share, did you read it?
Al: Yeah, what about it?
Kevin: It was an author, who, a writer at IGN,
Kevin: I believe it was, who described their 90 minute ordeal
Kevin: to get 12 player multiplayer running on Animal Cross.
Al: Oh, yes. Yes. Yes. I did. I did see. Yeah. Yeah, don't edge it is bizarre to me that this game
Kevin: [laughing]
Al: They did such a weird way to do online and it's like if you're connecting with one other person
Al: It's fine, right like it's not it's it's a little bit annoying, but it's fine if you're connecting more than like
Al: Three people you just spend most of your time waiting and yeah, 12 people
Al: It's absolutely bizarre that they have it set up that it takes
Al: Individual person has to join the island
Al: Separately and you can't do it at the same time so it like and there's like a whole like 30 second animation as it connects you to the game and
Kevin: Yeah. This.
Al: Anytime someone's trying to come to the island if someone's in a conversation
Al: It delays them from coming so then they have to try again
Al: And but everyone else who isn't in the conversation it stops you doing anything until it realizes that it times out
Al: and it can get the people on the island and
Al: and then any time anybody tries to leave it's the same thing it's just the worst online ever and like maybe maybe
Al: five maybe six years ago it wasn't that annoying because fine whatever we were just getting used to it
Al: and like it was new for Animal Crossing and it was exciting and we were all crazy anyway like that time
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: This this I
Al: period is just a bizarre time but it's not fun!
Kevin: Mean this system this system started like that, you know, that their way of doing on like started on the literally the DS the original DS on
Kevin: Wildworld and it was meant for four people. Oh, yeah, and it was there's basically the same thing
Al: Oh, they had it all the way back then.
Al: And they've not rethought how it works at all.
Kevin: No, especially when they went to 12 people
Al: And it's not like you can be like, oh, this is how all online's work, right?
Al: Because you do, like, let's take Scarlet and Violet, right?
Al: That game has so many issues, but connecting to their online is super quick and easy.
Kevin: that is
Al: Again, four people together, you're just typing the code and it pops you in the other person's game.
Kevin: yeah well wait I take it back I had some issues with those codes but in general
Kevin: better than this yes sure yes um okay yes it wasn't perfect but it was it was a better
Kevin: overall design and industry for sure um oh my gosh it's wild um but hey at least it's okay it's
Kevin: water landing because this is a sea plane.
Al: And then like if one person's switch like disconnects from the internet it crashes and pushes everybody off the other
Kevin: The water landing was a big hole.
Kevin: It was a big hole.
Kevin: That was part of the article.
Kevin: It had like two crashes.
Kevin: People were just trying to trickle in.
Kevin: They had a couple of points where they had to restart the whole line because they crashed.
Kevin: Oh, Magnificent.
Al: So is it cool that you can now connect 12 people together if they all are on switch twos?
Kevin: That was an incredible article.
Al: Sure.
Al: I guess.
Al: Should you do it?
Al: No.
Kevin: No, they should say that in the game. Please talk
Al: You should not.
Al: All right.
Al: Let's talk about the other switch two features first because there's only a couple of them.
Al: So I guess performance and you know graphics.
Al: I've not really noticed a difference.
Kevin: Yeah!
Al: It is faster I've seen some side by side on loading it definitely is faster, but like we're talking like it still takes like 30 40 seconds to load the game right like I'm not noticing a 10 second difference when it's still taking half a minute right like you're just you're just sitting there going this is taking forever.
Al: I get that it's a complicated like it's because they're all like generate completely you know individually generated and they have to have every single chunk saved and then they have to load it all I get that that's complicated.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I get it like that. That's hard. Optimization
Al: But like it's I don't it's not it's not noticeably faster unless you're just seeing them side by side.
Kevin: is hard, and especially in this kind of situation, like as they were every island and
Kevin: file is different or whatever. Right. But the problem is they use it as a selling point when they
Kevin: shouldn't, right? Like they should. I mean, even Pokemon on scarlet violet didn't use it as a
Kevin: selling point when it was when they absolutely should have. Right. So they just shouldn't have brought
Al: [laughing]
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: it up at all. That's that's the problem here. Yeah. That's my feeling across the board for mouse
Al: My smooth, I mean, it does what it says in the 10,
Al: I don't really know what to say.
Al: I still don't wanna use it 'cause I don't,
Kevin: mode. It's like just in general. Sure. Sure. Yeah, partially not for me, but yeah, it's it's their
Al: But I 100% see why some people would enjoy it.
Kevin: mouse mode is there. Yeah. Oh, you tell that was when I was kind of interested in.
Al: The megaphone is super, super bad.
Al: It doesn't, it doesn't, I don't know whether this
Al: is a me problem because I'm Scottish,
Al: but it cannot figure out who I'm seeing.
Al: So let me, let me, let me pop up on my switch here
Al: and just do a little test, right?
Al: Where's my megaphone gone?
Al: Oh, give me two seconds.
Al: It's not actually in my bag, I need to go get it.
Al: Give me a minute.
Al: Oh wait, is it too late at night for me to do that?
Al: For people to be up, oh, it's 20 past eight, they should still be up now, right?
Al: I can't remember when people go to bed, right? I'm just getting my megaphone, okay, and then
Al: give me two seconds, let me go outside.
Kevin: Yeah, I am no, no, I'm just I'm looking something up because I just make you think of something
Al: Right, I am now standing in the town centre and I have my megaphone, so I'm going to go
Kevin: Okay, okay.
Al: Raymond, no response it says. It didn't even get the wrong person at that time. Raymond
Kevin: Yeah
Al: and who responded to that? Nobody! No, or some? Coco, no response.
Al: Cocoa, note no response
Al: just nothing right so like this is it's super bad and I think I don't understand why they did this rather than just like showing you them on the map like just show where they are on the map that would be a much better feature and not rely on you know well I guess they couldn't then sell the switch to version right because that's the whole point is a switch to only feature yeah it's super bad I don't use it it's a waste of time don't don't
Kevin: Yeah. (laughs)
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah.
Kevin: I, I've really would like to know if this is a U problem, and there is a strong chance it is because this reminds me of the switch to camera struggling to recognize people, you know, people melanin.
Al: yeah I don't know I I I okay let's go on to the 3.0 features cuz I actually
Al: have some positive things to say but listeners please tell us if you have
Al: successfully used the megaphone cuz I just can't get it to work
Kevin: Let's know how much the systemic recisima extends.
Kevin: [laugh]
Al: I'll probably not racism, but anyway. (laughs)
Kevin: >> All rise in and fall right over.
Kevin: Discrimination of some time.
Al: [laughs]
Kevin: [laugh]
Al: Yeah. (laughs)
Al: Anti Scottish bias.
Kevin: >> Yeah.
Al: All right.
Al: So, first up, we have the hotel,
Al: which is your happy home designer,
Al: but in a hotel this time.
Al: It's fine.
Al: I mean, I don't particularly enjoy the designing anyway.
Kevin: Yeah, I mean, it's just happy on Saturday.
Kevin: I think that's all it is.
Al: Pretty much, but with the addition that you've got
Al: these things that you can get from the hotel,
Kevin: Yeah
Al: the souvenirs and extra things.
Kevin: Okay, so you're earning like a currency for that. Is that right? Okay, how do you earn the currency?
Al: Yeah.
Al: So you either earn the currency by designing the rooms,
Al: so you go in once a day and they'll say,
Al: "Oh, can you do this room?"
Al: And you go in and you put in,
Al: they have a theme and you choose what items to put in,
Al: and then they say, "That's great."
Al: And they give you some of the currency.
Al: Or you can also do it by submitting the crafted items
Al: that they want in the box outside.
Al: So it kind of works like the Nukemile stuff
Al: where there will be like four items that they're asking for,
Al: and then when you donate those ones,
Al: it will then pop some new ones in.
Al: So you'll always have four of them,
Kevin: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Just like Nick Miles from what I remember. Yeah. Yeah. Sure.
Al: but the first four in the day have like double
Al: the amount that you get for them.
Al: Basically exactly how the Nukemile stuff works, yeah.
Al: Why I do like that that they've got two different ways
Al: to get the currency, right?
Al: because I do not care about doing the...
Al: the rooms you have to do the first one to get it going and then be able to use the donation box but after the first one you don't need to do anymore and being able to just crafting is fine I can do some crafting and I can give you some stuff and I can still get the currency to get the souvenir items that's that's fine I'm happy with that and because the crafting menu so if you go if you throw like a crafting table next to the donations box and you
Al: you just go into the crafting tip because you know it's nice
Al: to have it there so you can just craft it and then throw it straight in the donations box. There is a page now on the crafting menu that will show you what it's what their look what is in the requested items as well so you don't even need to go to the donations box to look and what see what there is you can just go straight to the crafting table craft the stuff and then put it in the
Al: box so that's really nice as well there's very little friction there right like once a day I'll go down to the crafting table at the hotel I will craft it.
Al: what it says at once and then I'll throw it in the donations box I get some of the currency I go by whatever's new in the hotel that day.
Kevin: Okay, sure, sure, just another daily activity you can do, sure, sure, sure, sure, sure, okay.
Al: Exactly and then the other thing that this obviously leads to is then there's other villagers walking around the island.
Al: I don't know if it's one pair room per day. It's only up to one pair room per day. I only currently have one room and I think every time.
Kevin: Uh-huh.
Al: I know every day I'll be on on there has been one person but if I had four rooms I don't know if there would be four every day I'm not sure if that's how it works.
Al: The funny thing is so you can in the hotel lobby they have the mannequins and you can put clothes on the mannequins if you put if you put outfits on the mannequins the villager will choose one of the ones to put on before they start walking around the island.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Because now I just have villagers walking around in the island with bike helmets on.
Kevin: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: Because I just chose random clothes that looked silly.
Al: And so now they're walking around in the bike helmet and yeah, exactly.
Kevin: In the octonated into the cold.
Al: Exactly. So I think it's, I think it's fun. I get there's some people that are complaining
Al: because they're like, why are these random villagers know one of my island? I had this like,
Kevin: They're ruining my aesthetic.
Al: curate exactly. And I'm like, sure, fine, then don't do the hotel, right? Like you have to
Al: actively say it up. I think it's, if you're interested in the different villagers and
Al: because like part of the thing about animal crossing is like, there are so many different
Al: villagers and they all have different designs. Like, I think it's fun to occasionally see them.
Kevin: so many
Al: You know, I don't, I don't think that's a bad thing.
Kevin: yes I agree
Kevin: yeah no I fully agree but I am happy you know some of this
Kevin: reignited some of that rape and discourse from back in the day um
Al: [laughs]
Kevin: hahaha I thought of happy to see that again um but but I mean I agree because yes there's so
Kevin: many villagers especially now and and and at least I don't know if it's an majority i'm going to
Kevin: assume it's an majority we get attached to our villagers right we don't necessarily want to see
Kevin: so you don't actually get to see that many other designs in game unless you buy amiibo cards
Kevin: um but no I think I think that's a fun clever way okay their question is there any way to get a
Kevin: hotel guest to move to your island because I know that's what the campsite is for but I was
Kevin: wondering if you can do that with a hotel guest at all
Al: I have not managed to see that but I don't have any empty house.
Kevin: hmm okay yeah that is probably an issue
Al: I don't know the answer to that question actually.
Kevin: okay because I haven't heard anything of that I don't remember them saying that in the
Kevin: direct so much so many not but I was just curious if you had seen or to experience anything
Kevin: but okay yeah that would be my guess because again that's what the campsites were right
Al: and it looks like no, that is not possible.
Al: I've talked about most of the crafting improvements, but obviously there's the multi craft as well.
Al: It's fine, I have two issues. One, you have to like,
Al: it's really awkward in that you click on what you want to click, and then you say I want to craft it,
Al: and then you have to press Y, and then you choose how many you want,
Al: rather than just clicking to craft it.
Al: So it's like, I really feel like they could have removed a step, right?
Kevin: Oh.
Al: if this, then like, show us the screen with the number,
Al: and then you either press A to just craft the one, or you move the number to choose how many you want.
Al: It's the most awkward way to do multi crafting, they could have possibly done.
Kevin: Well, it's difficult. No one has figured it out yet, since my first introduction in 2010. I'm sorry. Oh, it's just the way it is.
Al: But at least it's there.
Al: I'm glad it's there. I just, I feel like I wish they could have looked at the UX a bit better.
Al: That's all. The other thing is, you can only craft 10 at once. It's a max of 10. Yep.
Kevin: That's that's weird that feels arbitrary. That's a problem, right?
Al: And I don't know why.
Kevin: Well, why tends specifically like what, yeah, yeah.
Al: Yeah. Which is especially because some things are multi-crafting, right? So like, I can only craft
Al: say 10 spades at once, but I can actually craft.
Al: 50 fences posts because they get five at a time from them.
Kevin: Yeah. The bites can't run that high out of it. There's just no room on the data.
Al: It's just why such a weird arbitrary restriction. I don't understand why.
Al: I do like that the crafting includes your house and it doesn't matter where your crafting table is.
Al: It still uses this stuff from your storage. That's nice. I like this. This is good.
Kevin: That's great. Oh, I know we're joking about how that might not happen, but I'm glad it's okay. It's bad. Anyways, go ahead
Al: It has made it just so much easier to deal with these things, right?
Al: Because you go around and you get some wood and you get some all the stuff that you, your daily stuff.
Kevin: Yeah
Al: And then you throw them in, you throw them in your house storage and you don't think about them again.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: And then you go to craft something and everything's just there. It's really nice.
Kevin: Yeah, isn't it wonderful? I'd no longer have to dedicate a whole bro inventory to
Kevin: It's random junk, it crashed.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: If I needed to, uh-huh.
Al: So yeah, I think the crafting improvements overall just generally good just.
Al: Fix your UX and let's craft more than 10 what weird restriction.
Kevin: [laughs]
Al: I'm Rosetti.
Kevin: If you buy this paid Switch 2 expansion,
Kevin: well you get 20. (laughs)
Al: Rosetti.
Al: He's fine.
Al: I think there's one there's one weird thing for me in that he won't pick up anything that's naturally occurring.
Al: I accept flowers and I think I can't remember if you choose trees or not, but you doesn't do anything else.
Al: Like if you get them to clear the beach, he won't pick up the shells.
Al: If you get them to clear up somewhere else, he won't pick up the weeds because that's leaf's job apparently.
Kevin: Ha ha ha yeah
Al: It's such a weird and I'm also like I personally just don't think I'll ever use him because the one time I thought about using him I was like I'd really like him to be able to do landscaping.
Al: I was recovering my island from when I had was doing my most, yeah, when I was most recently doing my moving of rocks and so my island was almost entirely water.
Kevin: - Yeah, water world.
Al: But no, he won't do landscaping it's just cleaning things up and it's only unnatural things and flowers.
Al: Like what a weird restriction. Like I would talk to him every day to get him to clean up the beach to get all my shells, but no, you won't do that.
Al: And so I just I just don't see when am I ever going to use?
Kevin: Oh, that's you, you use him when you started the update and, and you were going to redo your whole island, but you didn't, you know, you specifically weren't in that situation, but, but that was.
Al: But here's, but here's the thing because they've created the other feature that means you're never going to redo your whole island because now they have slumber islands.
Al: So when you get the like, oh, I really want to do this as an island because here's an interesting idea I have, you're going to use the slumber islands then you're not going to clear your entire island.
Kevin: Anytime we discuss Animal Crossing New Horizon, I think it's important to
Kevin: remember they added the a video tour to the the other little islands that you
Kevin: visit to move stuff to your storage but only for our silent
Kevin: and that's decided yeah yeah
Al: Yeah, I would love to hear the meetings and where they make these decisions and they're like,
Al: "Oh, what's the most annoying version of this feature that we can do?"
Kevin: Oh, hi.
Al: So bizarre, so bizarre. So, I mean, yeah, it's a cool idea and I guess it's cool that they're using
Al: him for something, but I just, I literally cannot, I'm not, I've not even used my free one. I just cannot
Al: see why I would bother you.
Kevin: or okay, like, so functionally, yeah, okay, I knew who's going to be like functional limited.
Kevin: It was going to find certain people and even then, like, maybe using once, maybe twice because
Kevin: right most people try to keep an island in a certain way or whatever. Like you said, it's even
Kevin: weird because we have the new dream, sweet sandbox islands or whatever. So it's weird, but okay,
Kevin: here in my burning questions are the flavor, did reset.
Kevin: At any point, actually, yeah, we're good in.
Al: So he talks about... I can't remember the exact wording, but there's definitely an implication that he's been going to therapy.
Kevin: Yes, yes, well while on the one hand
Al: And he definitely gets... I think there's a bit where he kind of almost gets angry and then he pulls it back.
Kevin: Yeah, yes
Al: He's very clearly managing himself. It's kind of amusing.
Kevin: Yes
Kevin: Okay, well, you know, I guess like I could maybe I could take that because I do applaud
Kevin: You know someone trying to maintain you improve themselves and go into therapy. That's always admirable
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: But at the same time, I want those
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: scarring verbal abuse that was given to us in the original.
Kevin: Okay, second question. Do you see it?
Kevin: Absolutely, that's the name of his brother.
Al: No, at least I've not seen him, but I haven't used Rosetti so I don't know whether he's
Kevin: Nope, darn it!
Kevin: Okay, oh, yeah.
Kevin: Okay, fine.
Kevin: It's not Louis.
Kevin: There is a dawn.
Kevin: I know I think it's dawn.
Kevin: I'm thinking of Pickman, aren't I?
Al: - I don't know.
Kevin: It's dawn, yeah.
Kevin: Okay, a dawn's of the brother.
Kevin: Anyway, okay.
Kevin: Well, that's fun.
Kevin: That's fine.
Kevin: All right, what else we got in there?
Al: Alright, well, we're we've got the slumber islands then which I think are great. Oh, apparently. Yeah, so apparently if you do use the
Al: And New Horizons Don is shown to be helping Rosetti with the rescue service covering from him when he's on his break
Al: He speaks to himself for a boost of confidence before transferring the player to their destination when is when's Rosetti on his break from the rescue service?
Kevin: I don't know, I forgot, I forgot Rosetti did the rescue service.
Al: Apparently, he may pop up in the roost from time to time.
Al: I think this is a great feature that like many things is just missing a few things to make it really, really good.
Kevin: I completely forgot about that, but also I don't think you actually see him, right, just the text.
Kevin: You don't actually see him.
Kevin: No anyways, but yeah yeah. Um...
Kevin: Questionable decisions were made
Al: The question of both decisions were made.
Al: So first of all, fantastic, just in general, right?
Al: So let me play in your little story.
Al: So Craig, my son, my seven year old,
Al: he's really into games just now he's been playing a lot of Minecraft.
Al: He saw me the other day playing Animal Crossing.
Al: I was like, what's this?
Al: This looks like it could be fun.
Al: And I'm like, oh, here we go again.
Al: So I play it and I said, yeah, you can play it.
Al: But he plays on his own switch, right?
Al: So I was like, well, let me show you this.
Al: I get you started on your switch.
Al: So I let him the game digitally and he started playing it and he's like,
Al: I just, I really want to do the terraforming because that's the bit that it's fun.
Al: And it takes a couple of weeks to unlock that in real time, right?
Al: And so I was like, okay, tell you what, what we can do is we can have a slumber island.
Al: So I'll set up a slumber island on mine and you can do whatever you want in there.
Al: And then I don't have to because he was like, can I do it on yours?
Al: Because you've got it unlocked and I didn't, I didn't want him to do that because
Al: I've just been...
Al: been a week trying to get my island back to something that I actually want, so I don't want him to then spend more time doing all that, because he wanted to build a maze, he's really into mazes just now, and so he wanted to build a maze, and I'm like, that's fun!
Kevin: Yeah, right, right
Al: So, sure, let's set you up a slumber island, because I remember to buy that feature, I hadn't used it yet, let's set up a slumber island, and you can go in and do that.
Al: And so he has, he's gone in, and he's done it, and it's great, and he's really getting the hang of the land, the terraforming, and all that.
Al: There's some weird decisions that I don't particularly care about.
Al: But I can see why others would be really annoyed about.
Al: You can't build buildings on the slumber islands.
Al: So there is one building which is your house.
Al: And that's it. There's no other buildings you can build on the island.
Kevin: Okay. Yeah. Very weird.
Al: What a weird idea, right? Because so many people's visions of islands include the buildings, right?
Kevin: Yeah, you're being so right.
Kevin: Well, yeah, that is confused.
Kevin: And I remember that was the thing I saw there in the trailer.
Kevin: I was wondering, I was like, wait, do you get to put other houses or buildings?
Kevin: Because they only show off the the one house.
Al: Yeah, and we assumed it would just be something they weren't showing us like this sounds like a great thing. Why would they not do this? Well, they didn't do it
Al: Secondly, you can change the weather and the time of day, but you cannot change the season
Kevin: Can I... What?
Al: So the season on your slumber islands is just whatever your current season is, but you can you can set whatever time of day you want
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: No.
Al: and you can set wherever, whether you want, but you cannot set
Kevin: Sorry, I have you.
Al: the season. Why? It's a dream. Let me do what I want in my dream.
Kevin: No, you are not.
Kevin: No, you can only dream about summer when it's summer.
Kevin: It's just like the real world.
Kevin: That's it.
Kevin: It's how it is.
Al: It's so silly. It's such a bizarre idea. Like, because they had to make a decision to be like,
Kevin: It's how it works though.
Al: yeah, okay, we'll let you change the time and we'll let you change the weather. Oh, however,
Al: we let them change the season. No, I don't understand how because I
Al: that never came up, in which case, what are they doing or they decided, no, we're not going to do that,
Al: in which case, what are they doing? Why is that not a decision? I don't, if you didn't give
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, there you go.
Al: them anything, it's just whatever your current thing is, it's just going to be that. I would
Al: understand that, but they specifically let you set the time and weather.
Kevin: There was no room on the UI for the season button now.
Al: [laughs]
Al: - Pissar, bizarre decision.
Al: They have three sizes of islands.
Al: I was really excited that I thought maybe one of them
Al: would be bigger than your current island,
Al: but no, it's not.
Kevin: N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N.
Al: The biggest one is just your standard island size.
Al: So whatever, I just, I think that's a mess.
Al: It would be fun to have a bigger island, personally.
Kevin: not would be but
Al: [laughs]
Al: I think other than that, it's mostly fine, right?
Al: like you can you can get.
Al: and you can like reproduce that as many times as you want, which is fun, you don't have to craft your tools or infinite stuff like that.
Al: It's generally pretty good. It's just those are a few decisions that make it bizarre to me that they wouldn't let you do those things. I don't understand.
Al: I also I think three save slots. I would have liked another one maybe two. Like three just feels like it's just quiet.
Al: Not quite enough. Four or five would have been better for me, but I get, you know, the storage space probably takes up a lot for these islands. I get that.
Kevin: - Yeah, yeah, I can manage.
Al: So yeah, it's a great thing because that like I just I'd never would have been able to get Craig to do some terraforming without either having him to ruin my island or him get bored of the game after before two weeks was up and he hadn't unlocked.
Kevin: Yeah, well, hey, that is cool. Um, yeah, I just and buildings are such a big miss cuz
Al: is bizarre bizarre. Oh, and also you can add, you know, your inclines and bridges and they are
Al: added automatically. Well, sorry, straightaway, which is nice. So like, I can see someone using it
Al: either as, so there's like three things essentially. Like what I did, which is Craig wants his own
Al: island, he doesn't want to have put in the effort to unlock everything. Great, there you go.
Al: there's the other one, which is I just want to make a really interesting looking island. I
Al: want to do my on my main island but the third one is I feel like it could also be close to
Kevin: Yup, testing ground.
Al: being good for like testing out for your main island right like oh what if I did this but the problem
Kevin: Yeah. Almost. I love.
Al: with that is that because you don't have the buildings you can't do it properly but like being able
Al: to the like oh what if I tried to do this thing with these bridges and inclines you can then go in
Al: and spend half an hour tests all out and go yeah this will work and
Al: then spend the next week waiting a day every time to get your thing to build.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, it's yeah not having to wait for you know, do all that waiting stuff
Al: I could see myself spending more time in the slumber.
Al: I also, I need to double check. I think you can only bring your your villagers that are currently on your island to the slumber islands, which I feel like is a miss. I feel like being able to have like multiple islands of different villagers would be great.
Kevin: That is a big miss too at bear
Kevin: You know that would be a great use case for the hotel guests
Al: Yeah, yeah, that'd be good.
Kevin: Ones that show up there just end up in a register that you can use on dream mileage, but no say love me. Oh, man. What a that's
Kevin: Good I baffling decisions every
Al: I'm trying to fact-check myself to
Al: Okay, so you can you can invite past villages as well, but not ones that you haven't had
Kevin: Okay, let's start I guess but still limiting again if you like if you're happy other crew you don't get the experience that many villagers to begin with
Al: but you also can't talk to them.
Kevin: Oh, yeah
Al: If you talk to them, they'll just stand there
Al: and they might use a reaction, they won't talk.
Kevin: Oh, that's really the end and then you horizon experience. There's Raymond looking in
Al: And every, and you have to put the villagers there every time you go, the villagers won't stay there.
Kevin: Oh
Kevin: Look at Raymond. He's for the aesthetics
Kevin: How do you better be in boxes?
Kevin: Good times all right, what else do we got in this update?
Al: "We have strafing, which is great. It's fantastic. It has made terraforming fun rather than a chore."
Al: Like being able to just go along a whole row, just like hold the button, hold the right, and then just press A, press A, press A, press A, it's great.
Al: I love it.
Al: I would like the strafing to be like a toggle rather than a hold, because I do find my hand cramps on long sessions.
Kevin: We are at the point we're not just animal crossing any game
Kevin: Like you just said is a toggle bra and set run for a toggle or whatever you know the comparable example we're at that point. Come on people
Al: Yeah, that's another yeah, that's another thing that in this game is not a toggle. It's a you have to hold into it. It's such a like they just
Kevin: Yeah, well, you gotta stay consistent then don't you?
Al: Consistently bad
Kevin: Yeah, well
Kevin: You get to credit. I couldn't have the other one. I could we don't?
Al: Of course not course not
Al: Yeah, I don't really know what else to say. It's great. I don't have anything to complain about this feature
Al: Other than the fact that I'd like it to be a toggle. That's it. It's great. It's a great feature
Al: And Craig picked that up really quickly when I taught him how it works
Al: He now uses it all the time for stuff like I think the thing that I so there's two things that I really great a bit
Al: One is just how quick it makes terraforming now, but the other thing is you know all these videos you got
Al: Years ago about people like trying to dig up a specific thing and they kept missing the one specific patch they needed to
Kevin: Yeah!
Al: This fixes that because you just point the vague out vague
Al: location, you press the straight button and it lines you up and you now
Al: know where you're going to go. It's, it is such a good feature.
Kevin: Yeah, I need to, I still haven't even like seen that ever heard about it and people talk about it, but I need to see like, I think what it looks like, but that sounds cool.
Al: it's super super good. It's such a good feat. Uh, the home storage I have no opinions on because
Al: I've never filled up my storage. But I guess it's good. It's really expensive and you can't use
Al: loans for it. So you have to have 1.2 million bells to get the top storage.
Kevin: Oh, really? That's fascinating. That's cool. You know, I actually like them.
Al: But at this point, at this point, who doesn't have stupid amounts of bells from selling the
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, you're right. You're right.
Al: turnips, right? Come on. And I guess it's like it's endgame stuff.
Kevin: Absolutely.
Al: particularly bad, right? Like, if you're, if you're at the point where you need, was it 12,000
Kevin: Yeah, I agree.
Al: storage or whatever it is, like some insane amount? Like, I think you can drop a million bells.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: I think you're fine with that. You've probably spent like three times as much getting the
Kevin: Don't you call me out like this out?
Al: items that you need to store. Yeah, I just, I just don't particularly care about the, yeah, shut up.
Kevin: Hey, we don't think about that.
Kevin: I'm going to think about how that reflects on your real life either.
Al: That took me a minute to log what you were saying. Um, and the last thing is, uh, the last thing I'm
Kevin: [laughter]
Al: really noticing is you can get leaf to remove weeds from your island now. But only if there's a
Al: certain number of them. Was it? I don't think so because it is listed in the patch note.
Kevin: was it out here in the thing? That wasn't in the game already.
Kevin: Well, thing. I'm crazy. I feel like, I don't know.
Kevin: I mean, maybe I'm just thinking of Earth Day or whatever.
Kevin: Cause there was a day if you would show up to, Hey, let's remove the weeds.
Al: Maybe maybe that's what it was. Yeah, or maybe you could maybe you could only do it when he was visiting the island because now you can do it when you when he's on Harves Island
Kevin: Maybe that. Okay. Okay.
Al: You can go and ask him to do it when he's not on the island. I
Al: Mean, it's a great feature right because the number of people coming to this have haven't played for two years and their island is covered in
Al: weeds
Al: You can just go and get paid
Al: You know go over to Harves Island and ask leaf to get rid of them all it's good
Al: But again something I probably won't ever use because I
Al: I feel like the amount of effort to go to Harves Island.
Al: So I think to summarize, most of these are at least good additions to the game, if not sometimes with baffling decisions made.
Kevin: That's the game!
Al: None of it makes me want to play the game.
Kevin: Ha ha ha. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, no.
Al: It doesn't fund it. What was the thing I was complaining about earlier in our chat?
Al: Let me check why I said. Because I got really annoyed the other day.
Al: Oh yeah, the paths and stuff. I still don't understand how this game is designed for a let's make an island look pretty.
Al: Like that's the fundamental point of this game. And I can't get my paths to line up properly.
Kevin: Oh yeah.
Al: Because I can't why can I not put paths up
Al: an incline or at least to the bottom of the incline with no gap why can't I put them up to up to the the the the side of
Kevin: [laughter]
Al: Houses why can I not put them up to the beach? Why can I not? Why is the whole point of this game is make this island look pretty and I can't do it?
Kevin: We don't have the technology at all.
Al: Why can I still not buy things from?
Al: The the adb I cannot buy things from the adb use
Al: the adb balance. I have to take money out of the adb have it in my bag which by the way you can still only have a hundred thousand in your wallet and then and then you have lists sets of a hundred K in your bag which takes up so much space. Sorry, 99k rounding up and all of this I don't understand why the money management is still so bad in this game.
Kevin: $9,000, $9,000, $9,000.
Kevin: I'd love to say just to make it more awkward.
Al: Especially when you have to have a, you have to have one point.
Al: It's 2 million bells in your bag to buy the most recent the highest storage upgrade, so you have to have a bag full of money.
Kevin: Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah, how they don't live in a casual society. Well,
Al: It's more than it's 13 stacks of money you have to have to buy the highest thing.
Kevin: I also are they going to validate that you have those bells. They, they have to count
Kevin: every one of those stacks. No other way.
Al: Why can I still only have 10 items?
Al: I don't understand this, I know it's better than previous ones.
Al: This is what made me stop playing new leaf so quickly.
Al: Was just the lack of stacking in the game.
Al: It drove me insane when I first went into that.
Al: I think you could stack them, but you had to manually stack them.
Kevin: I believe so. Yeah.
Al: Is that how it newly worked?
Al: Absolutely baffling decision there.
Al: I just like, I've spent about half an hour on that game.
Al: The moment I realized you had to manually stack fruit.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah.
Al: I know, I know that game so fast.
Al: So I'm so glad that you weren't actually had stacking.
Al: But why is it stacks of 10?
Al: I don't understand.
Al: Pokémon's the ageest out of the thing where you can have a thousand stack of shards.
Al: Give me more.
Al: It's literally just a bite.
Al: Give me more of that bite, please.
Kevin: They don't have the room for those fights, no go that high, but only for bells, not for those other items where they can go higher.
Al: You can't.
Al: you can't you can't
Al: You can't store 10 in a smaller space than you can store 100 in binary in unless you're being insanely obsessive about your storage, which I don't think they are
Al: Happy fun times. This game is still so frustrating and yes, they have improved some of this game, but it is still incredibly frustrating and I
Al: I still can't decide whether I want to play it ever.
Al: You know, like I just- I don't... Ahh.
Kevin: [laughter]
Al: Frustrates me. Frustrates me, Kevin.
Al: How long till I get frustrated by a new animal crossing game? That's the question.
Kevin: oh man oh you know are you familiar with the credit card from cityfolk are you familiar with
Al: say say again sorry I am I am not is this a feature that I want in this game
Kevin: I think it was called the credit card the bank card from cityfolk
Al: that was it that's like three games ago is that right tell me
Kevin: Yeah, on the Wii, yeah, two, two, two.
Kevin: I guess we count the updates, maybe two and a half.
Kevin: Anyways, it was a card, it was a Benny card.
Kevin: I'm actually a bank card from whatever call,
Kevin: that you could go and buy something
Kevin: without having to have all the bells in your inventory,
Kevin: just in your bank account.
Kevin: What?
Kevin: You could only use it at Gracie Grace,
Kevin: this high-end, greasy, greasy store.
Al: I just, I, this is the thing, it's like all these decisions are decisions. None of these
Kevin: One day they'll figure it out.
Kevin: Yeah, right. Yeah.
Al: things are accidental. They have had to make decisions about all of these things and I don't
Al: understand why they've made the
Kevin: So yeah, that's that exact my thoughts on people, but yeah, no, it's it's
Kevin: entry. Well, no, I say I say that I'm just far removed. I was about to say it feels
Kevin: like they've done a lot more of that in this update, but now that's not true.
Kevin: It's been a while, but 90.
Al: Do you think this is the last update?
Kevin: minutes. Sorry what genuinely, yes, like all broken and heckling them aside, I do
Kevin: think it is. I think yep, it's stalling.
Al: Every time they release an update and delays the new games or like not not and just just for listeners
Al: That doesn't I'm not saying they're taking people away from the other thing that takes it my point is it just my point is when they release an update
Al: That tells us that the update the new game isn't coming for another couple of years at least right like
Kevin: That's a deconformation of the new classic
Al: Exactly, it's like that is not it's not coming this year
Kevin: You know, yup. Oh
Al: Probably not next year either
Al: maybe like
Kevin: Dude five years. I'm my my money's five years
Al: what's what's coming for
Al: new animal crossing or hunt chocolatier.
Kevin: Oh, that's a good one. I will say we have evident like we have screenshots of haunted chocolate to your so
Al: That doesn't necessarily mean anything.
Kevin: You know what
Kevin: You're right your
Kevin: Yeah, you're right, but mmm. It's a good one. I'm gonna lean towards haunted chocolate to your but you I could be dead wrong
Al: Are we getting either of them before 2030?
Al: That's the big one. Are either of those games coming out this decade?
Kevin: Oh animal crossing definitely not I'm I'm I'm serious five years. That's my that's my bed right now
Al: Okay, on to Jocletier, this decade.
Kevin: When did he first announce it? Oh
Al: 2021, I think.
Kevin: Oh no, and you
Kevin: Okay, do you really thing it would be like hold on I'm gonna check this - because this is this is critical
Al: Oh yeah October 2021 was when he announced the game.
Al: We're nearly at five years from an end.
Kevin: Okay, yeah, okay, definitely haunts chocolate here. I'm gonna give concern date, but I've cried of that he can bring it out before 10 years
Al: you think it's coming, you think it's coming within this decade.
Kevin: Yes
Al: "Stake on a year." So obviously it's not this year, it's probably not next year.
Kevin: I'm gonna... No, I'll say 29. I'll... I'll 29. I'll be generous.
Al: 28 or 29.
Kevin: Eight years. Yeah. Yeah, I can see it.
Al: As kind of mad that it is taking away, we've taken that long.
Al: If it takes eight years from announcement to release that.
Kevin: And it's kind of, well, we're in the age of the silk song psychos and I mean the dead
Kevin: is not the players.
Al: It's sure, sure.
Kevin: It's like, concerned it is absolutely among those, right?
Kevin: Because there's a thing.
Kevin: I say that 2020 not, but there's also going to be a started update, at least every
Kevin: other year in between then.
Al: So, they announced that Silk Song was going to be its own game in 2019.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, which in all honesty not that bad
Al: That's only that's only two years before Hunter Juglet here was announced.
Al: So we're not long from it being there more time between Hunter Juglet.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah, I see it. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's a good point to you. Yeah. I don't think it's going to come out that soon though. I think it's going to be a little long. I'm going to say this decade, but it's going to be a minute. That's my opinion.
Al: already. I will go on record and say it's the other way around. I think, I think we
Kevin: But yeah, new, new, new and I'm crossing.
Kevin: Yeah, definitely not this decade.
Al: get a new animal crossing in 2028 and then hunt chocolatier in 29. No, I think we
Al: get them both in 28. Both games, new animal crossing and hunt chocolatier, both
Kevin: You think we'll get then two to three years new animal crossing, okay, all right.
Al: Yes. Yes. Because I think that I think all of this stuff is back ported from the new game.
Al: And I think they are based on the same engine, the same graphics.
Kevin: - Hmm.
Kevin: - So I'm what have said, happy home designer was,
Kevin: they're not happy home, though.
Kevin: Welcome to Mimi update.
Kevin: - What?
Kevin: - Not that much.
Al: I think they are a couple of years away, I don't I think this is all keep them going for another couple of years and they'll be fine rather than keep them going for half a decade. I don't think it's another half a decade.
Kevin: Mmm
Kevin: Are you I can't wait in next year like during the big summer like in intended direct they announced I'm crossing 4.0 update, and then we're just
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: Screaming
Al: - Well, we shall find out.
Al: Right, thank you, Kevin, for joining me for this episode.
Kevin: Thank you
Al: Another, another another animal crossing episode.
Kevin: It never ends just like animal crossing
Al: Is there anything you would like to share with the audience?
Al: You can just say no if you want.
Al: You don't have to do this, hold.
Kevin: No, I know I want to I want to share things. You know me. I get better me to shut up as a trick
Al: Okay, on you go then.
Kevin: Oh, anyway, it's fine to make to a president. I just trying to think of something witty
Kevin: But I couldn't think of anything. Um, find me at Coop Perez wherever
Kevin: Yeah, I'm on the places. I probably don't have much interesting. I haven't been
Kevin: Oh my gosh, you know what? I realized the other day. Okay, so all right. I hear here's something to show
Kevin: Let's get let's get personal um
Kevin: Like so I've for people who know me. You guys already know this like I've had work
Kevin: I've been having work issues to put it mildly a lot of it being work life balance and what now
Kevin: I have not made art in forever
Kevin: Um, and then I was actually gonna try to make something over the holiday, but then I got the flu so I didn't do it
Kevin: I'm shambling, Breck. That's my point. Anyways, find me.
Kevin: I'll bring up art stuff when I make art. What about you? I want to be able to find you.
Al: Well, you can find the podcast on Tumblr and on blue sky at THS pod.
Al: You can also get send us feedback.
Al: Oh, yes, we got feedback.
Al: I forgot to do the feedback early on the episode.
Kevin: Oh, Katie, yeah, yeah, that's he Katie knows Katie knows the issues are they already know the thing about this county the problem
Al: Thank you to Katie for the feedback on the discount episode.
Al: That was great.
Al: I've just listened to the episode of it discounting and all I can say is it's fantastic game.
Al: I do feel like it could be longer and I look forward to either a sequel or update to add additional story.
Al: I do feel there are some areas that need updating sauce improvements,
Al: such as repeated conversations with the locals but otherwise it's a brilliant game.
Al: Alan Kevin are doing a fantastic job on the podcast as always.
Al: Keep up the great work.
Al: Thank you, Katie for your feedback.
Al: If you send feedback via our website, you can also be mentioned on the podcast and that's the most exciting thing ever.
Kevin: It is, we acknowledge, man, something even I don't know, like, yeah, yeah, and it was brilliant. Thank you, Katie.
Al: Also, also on the website, you can find links to everything to do with the podcast including a link to our patreon patreon.com/tHS pod where you can access to our Slack and what we've been talking about recently in the Slack.
Kevin: place about games that have just been abandoned, which feels like an episode we could talk about.
Al: Oh, oh yeah.
Kevin: That would be like an episode we could do out. What game do we wish it come out?
Al: Yep.
Al: I posted about 12 games that have been tidied up from my list because they're all abandoned.
Al: So you can go find that list on this Slack.
Kevin: and also all the names blending together.
Al: Yeah, yes.
Al: You can also get access to our bonus episodes of our podcast.
Al: We're just thinking up what we're going to do for the next couple of months because obviously we're going to have something Pokémon predictions related.
Al: Uh, we might have some more, but yeah, we've got.
Kevin: We gotta do that soon.
Al: I'm going to talk a month until book one day.
Al: Maybe Kevin wants to talk more about Z a with spoilers once he's finished.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, someone wants to get on there. Yeah, I'm down for that. I'd be good
Kevin: going in for the greenhouse episode
Kevin: Where we and I don't know who we entails, but me and other people the bait
Kevin: Which streamer is better you team I own or you team can gnarry?
Kevin: And I already smells like I can tell you that I can I can tell
Al: I don't know why this canari slander is coming from.
Al: I think that's everything.
Al: Thank you, Kevin, for joining me again.
Kevin: Thank you all for having me on
Al: Thank you, listeners for listening.
Al: And until next time, have a good harvest.
Kevin: Have a good harvest
Theme Tune: The Harvest Season is created by Alma Henry, with support from our patrons, including our
Theme Tune: pro-farmers, Kevin Stewart, Analisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Micah the Brave, and our music is done by Nick Burgess.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website, harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we discussed
Theme Tune: in this episode.
Al: unless you actually want to build some
Al: houses on your island, then you can.
Kevin: I
Kevin: Unless you want to
Kevin: Have a good harvest, but only she can pay it all in cash. No, it's on the ATM. You can't use that though
Al: Yeah, no cards available, no more loans.
Kevin: Good times